About Drew Endy
---------------

Expertise:
  + genetics
  + computation
  + education, including research at the undergraduate level

Biography (taken from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Drew_Endy)

Activities:
With Thomas Knight, Gerald Jay Sussman, and other
researchers at MIT, Endy is working on synthetic biology and
the engineering of standardized biological components,
devices, and parts, collectively known as BioBricks. Endy is
one of several founders of the Registry of Standard
Biological Parts, and invented an abstraction hierarchy for
integrated genetic systems.

Advocacy:
Endy is also known for his opposition to limited ownership
and support of free access to genetic information. He has
been one of the early promoters of open source biology, and
helped start the Biobricks Foundation, a not-for-profit
organization that will work to support open-source
biology. He was also a co-founder of the now defunct Codon
Devices, a biotechnology startup company that aimed to
commercialize synthetic biology.

Here are three of his recent publications:

1: Collins JJ, Endy D, Hutchison CA 3rd, Roberts RJ.
Editorial-synthetic biology.  Nucleic Acids Res. 2010
May;38(8):2513. PubMed PMID: 20423911; PubMed Central PMCID:
PMC2860136.

2: Martin L, Che A, Endy D. Gemini, a bifunctional enzymatic
and fluorescent reporter of gene expression. PLoS One. 2009
Nov 4;4(11):e7569. PubMed PMID: 19888458; PubMed Central
PMCID: PMC2766624.

3: Kelly JR, Rubin AJ, Davis JH, Ajo-Franklin CM, Cumbers J,
Czar MJ, de Mora K, Glieberman AL, Monie DD, Endy D.
Measuring the activity of BioBrick promoters using an in
vivo reference standard. J Biol Eng. 2009 Mar 20;3:4. PubMed
PMID: 19298678; PubMed Central PMCID: PMC2683166.

